hello everyone with you articles and in this video
I want to review the most
fiery monster high doll January 5
before I tell you about her I lead
she has a box on the box and is earthly
she sings and the whole cake is a crowd of monsters
I love the fans in this picture
look for the monster we already know
eg cool Deuce's Howlin name Katie
here it is written as autographs first
time to these appeared in the cartoon 3 of us
desire so you feel about and image
figure 13 as well as on the box
This is the figure for 12, which differs by
the entire box is cracked inside everything
made in the form of a scene with music on
installation and spotlights
on the back side is her portrait and not
it is clear what is written but I believe that
this is some description
go pupae begin as usual his
her hair pink hair is prohibited in
great post bangs unusual and from all
parties
she's so small
she has tails in her ears too
decorations in one flies 2 translucent
pink ring and another numbers to 13 too
translucent and pink in other cats
from monster hi already one color can
say and have katy inside there is also
pink shade
go to the makeup in addition to black and
pink kati also featured
silver color is we can call in
pink eyebrows pink eyes
pink nose and pink lips go on
talk and accessories there are very bright
very bright necklaces three bracelets on
one hand
pink silver pink and one on
other
hands these microphone holds it by the way
very convenient to do here is such
thing that can catch on her
fingers a hole to made so that she
could keep him beautifully well and now
the most interesting is its amazing
dress as we see here is the first and part of it
silver is decorated here with cobwebs and
numbers 13 the dimple of this dress is one black
almost invisible because hiding
the stall blends with his skin goes further
fluffy skirt so short first
a layer of mesh with sequins bottom such
more stretching too pink very bright
even cyclamen you and behind we see here
such a long jellyfish thing to the first layer
also made of mesh with these
sequins and another fabric is different too
bright well as we see at the end they are
cropped katie shoes
they are completely silver with patterns too
kind of like cracks like on the box and i
I want to show you how they are shot here
it surprised us very much let me
take off to show if I have ordinary
the dolls are removed so pull push
it is necessary to separate them so as not to waste
time she will be without boot all
well our review is coming to an end and
Finally, I want to tell you not to
attached I almost forgot to say about her
long row of graceful tail on the very
Actually she is the daughter of werewolf cats but I already
it seems that I will be reached. anyone
panther
the stand in Katy is unusual as we see
she's such a stand for monster high
rarely do that when something
unusual here it is the foot of the forest changes
made as a black crib and on it
transparent sticks as we see fasten
differently
also katy was attached diary he
beautiful here is a big number 13
there is a questionnaire and a day in different languages
and life as I understand it so well and black
hairbrush
that's all i wanted to tell you in
this video for now